An devel (#35)
neonlabsorg/neon-evm.docs: docs/proxy/operator_guide.md

This guide contains a list of the proxy operator duties, instructions to ensure the successful operation of a proxy and thus the successful execution of transactions.

## Duties of a proxy operator
The main task of a proxy operator is to install software on a server to accept a transaction formed according to Ehereum rules and ensure its execution in Solana, including:
 * Configuring a Proxy server to perform the following operations:
    * Receiving requests over Web3 API protocol.
    * Shaping responses using Web3 API protocol.
    * Converting transactions to Solana format.
 * Connecting a Proxy server to a Solana cluster RPC endoint.
 * Successful execution of transactions.

> All operations related to the execution of transactions on Solana are performed by the software installed on your node.

## Operator requirements

> If you do not have public and private keys in Solana, as well as a balance to keep the SOL tokens, you need to create them first.

Reviewer: The sentence seems torn off. It is worth mentioning first that an account with SOLs is required.

Author: > The sentence seems torn off. It is worth mentioning first that an account with SOLs is required.

This text is replaced with "If you have not registered in Solana, you need to do this, that is, create an account with a balance for storing SOL tokens and get the public and private keys."

Author: Also, the following piece of text changed to:
There is no strict minimum amount of SOL required to run an operator on Neon EVM. However, you should take into account that you will need tokens to create accounts for new users, deploy contracts, and also to execute transactions.

#### Minimum SOL requirements

> There is no strict minimum amount of SOL required to run an operator on Neon EVM.

Reviewer: It is necessary to indicate for what purposes the salts are required so that the operator can estimate the required amount.
`Sols are required when creating accounts for new users and deploying contracts, as well as for executing transactions.`

```sh
$ docker info
Cannot connect to the Docker daemon at <docker.sock>. Is the docker daemon running?
```
you need to run the daemon first:
```sh
$ sudo systemctl start docker
```

#### Clone the *proxy-model.py* repository from GitHub

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/neonlabsorg/proxy-model.py.git
$ cd proxy-model.py
```

#### Start docker

Сreate an image of a machine on which the proxy will run.
When starting docker, you need to set the *CONFIG* environment variable, which can take one of the following values: *local*, *devnet*, *testnet*.

```sh
$ sudo docker run --rm -ti --network=host -e CONFIG=<network mode> cybercoredev/proxy:v0.2.0
```

**The command line options:**
  * `--rm`: delete a container when the command is completed.
  * `-ti`: allocate a pseudo-TTY connected to the container’s stdin; creating an interactive bash shell in the container.
  * `--network host`: use host network.
  * `-e`: set environment variables.
  * `CONFIG=<network mode>`: specifies a Solana cluster operating mode; either `CONFIG=devnet` or `CONFIG=testnet` is recommended.
  * `cybercoredev/proxy:v0.2.0`: the specific proxy name.

#### Start proxy

> To start a proxy, you just need to run the *run-proxy.sh* script. This script will automatically perform all the actions required to build a docker, including: installation of packages and modules, patching API.

Reviewer: `run-proxy.sh` only runs proxy from the directory with sources. When a user launches the docker container, the proxy starts automatically. It's better to remove `Start proxy` section.

Author: Added the following: 
"However, you should take into account that you will need tokens to create accounts for new users, deploy contracts, and also to execute transactions."

Author: This pice of text changed to:
"This command line will automatically perform all the actions required to build a docker and run a proxy, including: installation of packages and modules, patching API."

  * `CONFIG=<network mode>`: specifies a Solana cluster operating mode; either `CONFIG=devnet` or `CONFIG=testnet` is recommended.
  * `cybercoredev/proxy:v0.2.0`: the specific proxy name.

> This command line will automatically perform all the actions required to build a docker and run a proxy, including: installation of packages and modules, patching API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command line will automatically perform all the actions required to launch a docker-container and run a proxy.
```

Author: fixed
